As we discussed in the last video, we need to somehow make the JSON web token sign key available to
all of our different services.
We're going to solve this using a feature inside of Kubernetes that is designed for sharing secret information
throughout different pieces of our application.
So a couple of quick diagrams.
This is a diagram of our Kubernetes node.
Inside of it, there are many different pods in it.
And in our case, all these different pods are running a container that needs to somehow get access
to that JSON web token signing key.
To do so, we are going to create a new kind of object inside of our cluster.
So this is an object called a secret.
Remember that objects are referring to just about everything that we create inside of Kubernetes.
So a pod is an object, a deployment is an object, and so on.
A secret is a is a object.
Just the same inside of a secret, we can store little key value pairs of information.
So you and I can create a secret that's going to store something that says JSON web token key equals
SDF or something very similar to that.
Once we create the secret, we can load it into the containers that are created inside of all of our
different pods.
The secret is going to be exposed as an environment variable.
Now this diagram right here is just a little bit deceptive because I'm saying that inside of our pod,
we've got some off thing and there's some environment variables, to be precise.
We have our application right here, really the node program of off that is running inside of a container.
And inside of that container there are a set of environment variables.
So when I'm saying that there is an environment variable inside the pod, the environment variable is
really inside the same container as the application.
So we're going to take that JSON key or that JSON web token key equals SDF, assign it to these environment
variable sets, and then we can easily access that information from inside of our Node.js code.
So that's how we're going to store the JSON web token signing key in one location securely and then
actually get it available to all the different services that need it.
So now that we understand what we're going to do, another quick pause right here.
We will create the secret in the next video and then make sure that it gets exposed to all of our different
microservices.